EIP-1559 intro to past tense (#3586)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/gas/index.md

## EIP-1559 {#eip-1559}

> The implementation of [EIP-1559](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1559.md) in the London Upgrade did make the transaction fee mechanism more complex than the previous gas price auction, but it has the advantage of making gas fees more predictable, resulting in a more efficient transaction fee market. Users can submit transactions with a `maxFeePerGas` corresponding to how much they are willing to pay for the transaction to be executing, knowing that they will not pay more than the market price for gas (`baseFeePerGas`), and get any extra, minus their tip, refunded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of [EIP-1559](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1559.md) in the London Upgrade made the transaction fee mechanism more complex than the previous gas price auction, but it has the advantage of making gas fees more predictable, resulting in a more efficient transaction fee market. Users can submit transactions with a `maxFeePerGas` corresponding to how much they are willing to pay for the transaction to be executing, knowing that they will not pay more than the market price for gas (`baseFeePerGas`), and get any extra, minus their tip, refunded.
```

Grammatically, I think this makes more sense.
